And The Last Lecture we made at work not want to implement a method to select a place to allow us to
select the plaister to do so I'll go back to the template.
And in this template I actually can add a new component inside of this SLBM Google Map component.
So a nested component I'm passing a component in there and this component is the CBM Google Map marter
component.
So it's from the same package but a different component.
And whereas the CBM Google Map component creates a full map.
This will create a single marker on the map.
Now this marker should of course only occur if we tapped the map so if we added a marker for this I'm
going to add a vent to the rapping Sep Google Map component where I listened to an event exposed by
this package by this component here.
It's the map click event.
And as a side note you can find out which properties and events are supported in the official documentation.
I showed you a couple of lectures ago where we also navigated to this API key page.
So this is the map click event exposed by this component and it is of course fired whenever we touch
the map or whenever we click somewhere in the map and add a marker and there are other events exposed
to on this event.
I now want to execute the onset marker method which I have to create and important I-PASS dollar sign
event because map click will emit an object which describes the place where I tapped on.
And of course this is interesting to me.
So I'm going to pass it on to this method I'm executing.
So let's work on on set marker I'm going to implement this method on the page here.
And again I know that I will receive an event here which I'll set off to type any and then Indes method
body year I want to set the marker for days I will store the market in a new property here which subtype
location and it's uninitialized at the beginning.
But then here when we tap the map I will set the markers several set this marker equal to a new location
object and in the constructor and it passed the latitude and longitude and we can prove crofter's from
the event emitted from the from the maktab here and we can exit on the event there we will have a co-horts
property and they're declared property and then the next step is to also signed along it used coords
long at you'd like this if you want to know which hour feels this has a good trick is to simply lock
the event to the console so that you can explore which data it exposes to you.
So if that were setting the marker and that allows us to then display it on the map.
So now let's go back to our map here and on the marker I will also bind some properties.
Now the first property binding is de-leverage properties are the same as for the wrapping map where
we were able to center the map on a certain position.
Now I'm going to add a marker on this position or on the map on the position we tapped on to be precise.
So here all choose Markert left.
And of course are also at deep long it hewed property binding and use marker dot elenchi to bind to
that to I only want to display this marker here if and therefore I will use NGF.
Well if marker so that means if marker is not undefined this marker property which we only said when
tabbing.
So let's see if this works as expected when you saved us and let the application recompile.
Let's go back to our application clicks plus click on select on map and now tab somewhere.
And this does add a marker at the position we tapped on.
And it can also see the object that gives us and it's a very simple optic only Hafs Dir has its courts
Optik with lead you to Legget cute.
So that was the event emitted and it contains all the data we need.
We're now able to set a marker.
Awesome.
Next step is to add a button which allows us to discard or end or save this Modal year so that we can
then transform the location of the marker back to our ad and you location place and also show the Google
Map Axert there.